db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "dani618" , "Date" : new Date("2009-01-11" ), "Overall" : 3, "Value" : 3, "Room" : 2, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 3, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Cute Hotel, HORRIBLE city I went to New Orleans for business back in November, so my boyfriend flew down at the end of the week so we could spend the weekend touring around the city. I had been staying in the Hilton Riverside for a conference, but we decided to stay in the French Quarter to be closer to everything.The hotel is almost like a bed and breakfast, it was very cute and in a great location for $100/night! The staff is very outgoing and SO friendly. The room was old and we had barely any hot water. The furniture was beat up and the room was a little musty smelling. However, we were expecting worse so it wasn't TOO bad. But, the main building and courtyard area with the pool are nice looking. They offer breakfast which includes bagels, cereal and donuts. There's free wireless internet in the breakfast room also. There is a small convenience store across the street which was great for buying water, drinks, snacks, etc. The location was unbeatable for the price. We were 4 blocks from Bourbon St and walked all over the French Quarter with no problem.Definitely eat at NOLA, Emeril's restaurant. It was by far one of the best meal's I've had other than K. Paul's, which is fantastic as well. Both are pricey, but well worth it! Go to Bourbon St. and have a Hurrican at Pat O'Brien's, the only normal bar on the whole street!If you are not going to be spending alot of time in your room, stay elsewhere. But, if your looking for something that is within a small budget and close to action, stay at the St. Pierre. Again, the staff was very friendly and accomodating. ","SentimentRate" : 0.461, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "GO_UTES" , "Date" : new Date("2009-01-07" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 5, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 5, "BService" : 2,"Reviews" : "We Loved It! We found this place at 1:00 in the morning after leaving the worst hotel ever, the Holiday Inn downtown/superdome. The man at the front desk, named Whitney, was very helpful and very friendly! My wife and I just wanted a clean room at this point after a frustrating start to a new years vacation. What we got was well beyond our expectations! After hearing our nightmare of a story, Whitney showed us the room before we had to decide anything. The room he showed, and eventually rented us was a very clean and apparently newly remodeled room. It was a small room, but had plenty of warmth and character. The bathroom was new, with tile, marble and granite. We ended up having the vacation of a lifetime! We loved everything about the St.Pierre, from its location in the French Quarter, to the overall ambiance.Stay here and you will not be disappointed! ","SentimentRate" : 0.364, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "liplipgabadoo" , "Date" : new Date("2008-11-11" ), "Overall" : 1, "Value" : 1, "Room" : 1, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 1, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 2, "Service" : 2, "BService" : 2,"Reviews" : "Gave Us the Creeps! We stayed here for a friend's wedding, thinking we'd like a unique place over the standard hotel chain. Boy, were we disappointed! The first room we had was infested with flies, huge monster flies. I didn't realize it at first but insisted we change rooms when I did (my husband stayed the first night by himself while I was with the bride and he didn't notice much of anything by the time he got home from the bars!) When we expressed a need to change rooms, the guy at the front desk offered to put us in a smaller room for the same price or put us in a larger room for more. Since our first room was very small (making the flies even more noticeable), we opted to pay more to move. In our opinion, we should never have had to pay more when we'd left the booked room because of all of the flies. Our next room had ratty carpet, an old mattress, and a horrifying-looking bathroom. Nothing appeared to have been updated or fixed in the past 30 years. I felt gross just sleeping there.The only plus is the location to the French Quarter but we had friends stay at the Marriot and Holiday Inn for the same price or less and only a few blocks farther away. I would never recommend anyone stay at the St. Pierre. ","SentimentRate" : -0.088, "Sentiment" : "Negative"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "GalvestonShrinkwrap" , "Date" : new Date("2008-10-15" ), "Overall" : 3, "Value" : 4, "Room" : 3, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 4,"Reviews" : "Just the place for the right traveler First the pluses: Free parking, walking distance to the quarter yet away from the racket, friendly staff, small adult pool, coffee and donuts in the morning, free wifi, updated bathrooms. Drawbacks. Many rooms are very small. This is not a five star hotel; it is a conglomeration of historic buildings with rooms that reflect that personality. No phones in the rooms.For someone who is not put off by quaint, older facilities, the prices make this a good value and the location in my opinion is hard to beat. Two caveats: Request a larger room. We've stayed here several times, and some rooms do not have closet space. Do not take a room off the pool. Remember, this is the Big Easy. People come in late and drunk, then decide to smoke, drink and have inane drunken arguments poolside. Not exactly conducive to a good night's rest. Now if you like to get drunk then raise Cain around a public pool and without consideration for others, this might be just the room for you to book. ","SentimentRate" : 0.058, "Sentiment" : "mixed"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "pcolatodd11" , "Date" : new Date("2008-09-28" ), "Overall" : 3, "Value" : 3, "Room" : 2, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 5, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "Good but not great My wife and I just returned from a 2 day stay at Hotel St. Pierre, and would generally agree with the other reviews on this site -- small rooms befitting of the quarter, great courtyards, small but clean and pleasant pools, big plus to have free parking (had no problem getting a spot when arriving around 3:00, and we never touched the car until we left), meager continental breakfast, and great quiet location very near many of the restaurants and attractions we'd come to visit. With that said, we were disappointed to find that the air conditioning unit in our room (110) was held together with duct tape, vibrated loudly, and was coated with black mold on the inside (discovered after the duct tape finally gave up the ghost). We didn't find the mold until our second night, and so we can't comment on whether or how the management would have addressed our immediate concerns. However, when we checked out and mentioned the mold problem, all we got was a sorry with no indication that they'd be following up on the problem before the next guests arrived. Overall, we had a great time in New Orleans, but would encourage those looking for a room within the quarter to look closely at some of the other nearby hotels. ","SentimentRate" : 0.291, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "vseravno" , "Date" : new Date("2008-08-05" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 4, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 5, "BService" : 4,"Reviews" : "Quaint and quiet I chose this hotel because of its location in the French Quarter. It was easy to drop in and leave purchases during the day. The rooms each have a name of a Jazz great on the door, and because of the many cottages, I was afraid that we would forget where our room was! When we checked in, our first room had a leak in the ceiling that got the bed wet. We were promptly moved into another room. Now, the bathroom wasn't the poshest, grout needed cleaning and the water pressure was low, but it was clean overall. The bed's mattress was nice and firm, the a/c was super, and at night we couldn't hear any sounds, so we slept undisturbed.  The staff was extremely helpful giving us directions to restaurants, at trying to get us checked in for our flight, and waking us for our early morning departure. Despite the humidity, the whole hotel smelled fresh and pleasant. I would gladly stay here again. ","SentimentRate" : 0.370, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "NYGirl32" , "Date" : new Date("2008-07-31" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 5, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Our favorite French Quarter getaway We love the location and enjoyed the renovated cottages. Our second stay at the Hotel St. Pierre. Besides the location the big plus is the pool and courtyard. Nice! We had a good size room and our friends had a smaller room. Request a couryard or balcony room if they have it. Internet access/wireless is only in lobby area. We both recommend this French Quarter gem! ","SentimentRate" : 0.685, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "JAMAICA_CHICK" , "Date" : new Date("2008-07-09" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 4, "Room" : 3, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 5, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "A nice change of pace from chain hotels We had viewed the hotel's web site and pretty much knew what to expect. We wanted a change from the large chain hotels. This hotel was quaint, charming and historic. We checked in July 3 and was there during the Essence Festival. The staff works hard to please you and the location was great for navigating the Quarter on foot. Ask Coral at the front desk to recommend anything you need, restaurants, tours, etc.Both of the pools are small but clean, inviting and set in nice court yard with greenery. Parking was tight, but free. Our room (101) had 2 queen beds, exposed brick and wood dating back to the beginning of time, but the bathroom was newly remodeled and had all the amenities one might need.The grocery store across the street primarily caters to the local residents in the area because the hotel is in a residential area. The grocery store had a small kitchen and sells shrimp, fish and chicken dinners, red beans and rice and other local fare. Not bad, not great but convenient when we were starving and didn't have a reservation or needed something to eat right away. Two blocks up was Bourbon Street, and on the corner of Bourbon and Dumaine was The Clover Grill, a very colorful place that served AWESOME breakfasts and burgers.If you are into plush luxurious hotels, this is not your place. But if you like getting in touch with the locals and what it feels like to live in the Quarter you will appreciate the charm and attraction of the St. Pierre. ","SentimentRate" : 0.503, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "damonandtina" , "Date" : new Date("2008-07-05" ), "Overall" : 4, "Value" : 4, "Room" : 4, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 3, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Wonderfully quirky in a strange city Recently returned from a 4-day stay in New Orleans, where my family spent several days working a Habitat for Humanity homebuilding project. The St Pierre seemed like an interesting hotel, based on their website. We found out it was interesting, historical, quirky, odd and lovable during our stay!Let's get a few of the bad things out of the way first:-TERRIBLE continental breakfast! Doughnuts, biscuits from a box, lukewarm orange juice, and no fruit, cereal, yogurt or hot foods! Only saving grace was some pretty decent coffee.-Very limited free parking that's a true adventure of parallel parking skills and dodging the mirrors of other cars a half-inch from yours. The free parking aspect is terrific, the obstacle course,...not so much.-Perhaps the tiniest swimming pool I've ever seen. I was afraid to jump in for fear of hitting my head on the OTHER SIDE! Until you see this pool, you'll think I'm exxagerating. When you see it, you'll know I'm not!With that said, we thoroughly enjoyed this little gem. Here are some of the reasons why:-Our room (155) was HUGE!! King bed, 2 sleeper sofas, mini-frig and microwave, and 2 tv's.-Never heard noise from another room or from outside the hotel, and we were there during a busy stretch leading up to July 4th.-Rooms feature high ceilings, exposed wooden beams and exposed brick walls. Lots of character and uniqueness that is befitting of a city like New Orleans.-2 blocks from Bourbon Street and about 5 blocks from Cafe Du Monde and the waterfront. I'm not a fan of Bourbon Street at all, as I think it shows a really dark and sad side of our society, but if that's your gig, you're practically next door.-Free internet in lobby and in all rooms!-Very friendly staff who enjoy giving restaurant recommendations, chatting you up and just being friendly representatives of their beloved city. On our last evening, the lady at the front desk referred us to K-Paul's restaurant, which wound up being one of the top five meals that my wife and I have ever had.-Hotel is an architectural blast from the past. Interesting twists and turns, lots of interconnected buildings with little courtyards and mini-gardens.-Prices were reasonable for the area @ around $150 per night on weeknights.If you want one of the pampering hotels like Hyatt's and Westin's, then this place will be a little too roughing it for you. But as much as I love those hotels, this one seemed to be just right for a city full of contradictions. New versus old. Recovering versus still devastated. Churches next door to voodoo shops and transvestite bars. Whatever you want to say about New Orleans, it a'int boring! ","SentimentRate" : 0.294, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "Shackry" , "Date" : new Date("2008-06-24" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 4, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "CHARMING First time staying here and loved the location and our room! The hotel is a couple of blocks from Bourbon Street (walked to Bourbon every night and felt very safe walking to and from). Hotel is on a quiet street and perfect for a stroll to busy Bourbon Street- takes 5 minutes or less. The streets are narrow and the blocks are short. Going towards Bourbon Street, just a block or two is a small diner on the corner with a good breakfast (under $17 for 2 people) and they have good hamburgers too.  The most convenient part is the free parking. The lot is very small (just across the street), and it is first come, first serve. We were lucky to get a spot every night except one and we had to park several blocks away, but the walk wasn't bad and paid $3/day. Lot was fenced in with an all-night attendant. Parking is very expensive, stayed at another hotel the first night before changing over and the parking was $28/day! This hotel was worth the price in free parking.  Our room was small, but quaint. Nothing fancy, but enjoyed the change from all the common hotel rooms. It poured down raining one night and I enjoyed opening up the french doors to listen to the rain. Bathroom was large, had just been remodeled with tile, new cabinets, etc. Only thing to remember: NO HAIR DRYER. Make sure you bring one! All room doors are outside, but hotel perimeters are closed in and gated. At night have to go past front desk to go to your room when gate is locked. Everyone was very friendly definitely would stay there again. One restaurant you have to go to is Drago's Restaurant (check out their website on the internet for menu) in the Hilton Hotel New Orleans Riverside on 2 Poydras Street. I'm not a fan of Hotel restaurants, but it is unbelieveably fantastic! The restaurant is huge, and obviously a hometown favorite because it is packed with people every night. Just on the backside of Harrah's casino near Bourbon Street. You get large portions of food and the desserts are awesome-the brownie dessert feeds 4 people. I don't like oysters on the half shell, but these were the best I have ever had. They put them on an open grill with butter and garlic and cook them and serve them with fresh bread - never had anything better. ","SentimentRate" : -0.553, "Sentiment" : "Negative"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "RCC_LBC" , "Date" : new Date("2008-06-20" ), "Overall" : 3, "Value" : 4, "Room" : 2, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 2, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 3, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 2,"Reviews" : "Pleasantly Surprised The hotel was charming and (for the most part) the staff were very friendly and accomodating.We were there for 11 days and our maid knew us by name and was very conciderate about waiting for us to leave for the day before cleaning our room, to spite her busy schedule.The price (at the time) was very reasonable for such a great location and the room was nice. It was on the small side, the window Air Conditioning unit was ify at best and the bathroom was not in the best of shape, but it was clean.Having lived in New Orleans for several years, I knew what to expect. I can see how someone who was familiar with staying at generic homogonized chain hotels might be put off by the state of most of the older hotels and BB's in New Orleans. Even the nicer ones seem to be in a slight state of decay.But for those who can appreciate the charm of a historic and well worn building you won't be disapointed. If you are not THAT person...you might want to avoid New Orleans entirely.We looked into staying there again recently and were a little shocked by how much the rates had gone up. ","SentimentRate" : 0.262, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "TrustedTraveler" , "Date" : new Date("2008-06-19" ), "Overall" : 1, "Value" : -1, "Room" : -1, "Location" : -1, "Cleanliness" : -1, "Checkin/frontdesk" : -1, "Service" : -1, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "Unfortunate We had an unfortunate situation in which we had something stolen from our room. In addition, our room was in a noisy location. I would not recommend this hotel. ","SentimentRate" : 0.466, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "TopazMonkey" , "Date" : new Date("2008-06-15" ), "Overall" : 4, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 4, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 4, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "Charmed This was our first visit to the Hotel St. Pierre and it will not be our last. At every turn we met with friendly and helpful staff and a sense of old world charm that was relaxing and welcoming.Upon arrival we were met by a friendly employee behind the desk though we were somewhat uncomfortable with the fact the 'secured' parking was a small narrow lot across the street with cameras surveying it. A small barrier is dragged into the middle of the entrance when the lot is full. They were honest and upfront enough with us to recommend we leave our car there if we didn't need to use it to get around the French Quarter because they could not recommend a parking space would be available once the lot filled up. All other hotels we checked that had parking areas charged at least $20. This cost nothing and we never needed our car.The hotel is in a residential section of the French Quarter. Most sites of interest are within an easy walk and there are several trolleys as well as numerous cabs that can get you around town with ease.Our room turned out to be a very comfortable and clean though the bathroom is in need of an update (no stopper in sink and flaking paint on tiles above the bathtub). Are we complaining? Absolutely not! The entire property is filled with charm and friendly staff. Take time to wander around and find out about this property. The house we stayed in was over 250 years old and in very good repair. As always, this is in the French Quarter and while the area is comfortable and relatively safe for the pedestrian, we do not recommend travelling off the grounds after the late, late hours of the night. ","SentimentRate" : 0.524, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "NateJN" , "Date" : new Date("2008-06-04" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 5, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 4, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "Wonderfully quiet spot in the French Quarter We stayed for 3 nights over the Memorial Day weekend and had a wonderful time. Hotel is right in the heart of the Quarter so you can walk to everthing, but far enough off the beaten track (read Bourbon St) that it was quiet and secluded.We stayed in the building across the street from the office, pool, etc. Our rooms (one upstairs, one down) were gathered around a beautiful courtyard of plants and fountain. The rooms themselves were up to date and nicely appointed. In fact while the outside of the hotel seemed a bit faded (as much of the Quarter does), we were happy to find the rooms to be so nice!Rooms come with a continental style breakfast which wasn't that good to be honest, but it hardly matters since one misses the whole point of New Orleans by eating at their hotel...All in all great rooms in a great location at a great price. We will stay at the St Pierre any time we want to stay in the Quarter! ","SentimentRate" : 0.370, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89033,"Author" : "sjetton4587" , "Date" : new Date("2008-05-22" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 5, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 5, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Nice, Charming French Quarter hotel We had a lovely stay at the Hotel St. Pierre. Neat, clean rooms and friendly staff. From the fresh flowers in the lobby to the great location in the French Quarter...we will be back soon! ","SentimentRate" : 0.364, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


