db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "red_striker" , "Date" : new Date("2009-01-06" ), "Overall" : 4, "Value" : -1, "Room" : 4, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Loved the Bienville House Got a great deal for the Bienville via TravelZoo. When we arrived we were given a lovely deluxe room that had a terrace outside (shared with a couple of other rooms) but with our own table and chairs. The hotel is like stepping back in time with alot of 'NOLA charm.The staff were very pleasant and the breakfast was a nice setup in the morning.The best point about this hotel though is its location ... short walking distance to Bourbon, Cafe DuMond, Aquarium, Trams, shops etc etc behind the hotel there was even a Coyote Ugly bar. Also just down the street from the House of Blues.All in all would stay here again and look out for some deals on the hotels own website or via Travelzoo ","SentimentRate" : 0.608, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "CeeGee" , "Date" : new Date("2008-12-11" ), "Overall" : 3, "Value" : 3, "Room" : 3, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 3, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 3, "Service" : 2, "BService" : 2,"Reviews" : "Just nice enough Stayed with my husband for a convention. Good friends also booked a room. Although the beds were nicely decorated (NO BUGS) and the place is sweet, and in a good location,there were several problems with service. First ol all, they knew a huge convention was coming and there was a paltry continental breakfast. By 9am, there was nothing left!! Day after day--Even after I complained, the next day was still spare--with mostly very unhealthy stale pastries and bad for you cereals. There was no fridge or honor bar in the small room, so I couldn't buy my own fruit. Every day, even though they were completely booked, there was not one lousy piece of fruit to be had. I stayed in many places that offered continetal breakfasts--even 3 star or less places had better selelctions. Finally, the woman doling out the breakfast knew I was upset and she out aside ONE last yogurt. This should never have happened. When I complained to the front desk, they merely smiled and shrugged! Also, the elevator was constantly broken and we had to take the service elevator. I was not impressed. Yes, the place has charm--but that wasn't enough. ","SentimentRate" : -0.033, "Sentiment" : "Mixed"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "narnialady" , "Date" : new Date("2008-12-04" ), "Overall" : 4, "Value" : 4, "Room" : 3, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 4,"Reviews" : "Solo weekend get-a-way I stayed at the Bienville while there on a yoga/spa/get-a-way weekend. I loved the location, it was close to many of the things I wanted to do and see. The room was clean and attractively decorated. I do have one complaint, however, and that was there was no window in the room and after awhile I began to feel claustrophobic. I don't believe my room description mentioned this. I was staying by myself so I went for the most inexpensive selection, and perhaps it was stated somewhere in the fine print, but I didn't see it. So others considering this hotel who believe they would find this also disconcerting may want to request a room on the outer perimeter (this room was in the very center of the hotel). Other than the no window issue, I found the hotel to be very charming and the staff friendly. I would definitely stay there again. ","SentimentRate" : 0.081, "Sentiment" : "Mixed"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "ordajg" , "Date" : new Date("2008-10-28" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 4, "Room" : 4, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 5, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Awesome Experience We selected Bienville House as the home base for my daughter's wedding party, after checking out around 20 locations in the area.The location, the condition of the facility, and most of all the staff were beyond our expectations. The entire wedding party and several guests opted to stay here of their own choice after comparing other hotels. Everyone was extremely pleased and grateful for the way the staff was responsive, attentive, and the consistent positive attitude displayed from front desk to housekeeping.We very much appreciated the beauty of the courtyard, which was used as a back drop for some incredible photos prior to the ceremony. The rooms were clean, quaint, and extremely comfortable. The decor was very reflective of the French Quarter of old, giving a feeling of relaxation and harmony.We would definitely recommend this hotel without hesitation. ","SentimentRate" : 0.523, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "megdo4" , "Date" : new Date("2008-10-27" ), "Overall" : 4, "Value" : -1, "Room" : -1, "Location" : -1, "Cleanliness" : -1, "Checkin/frontdesk" : -1, "Service" : -1, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "Was scared based on some reviews.but LOVED IT I read some iffy reviews after I booked the room and was a bit worried. But it was great. The beds were so comfortalbe---the pillows were down goose feathers! The staff was nice and accommodating! The guy at the front desk knew a lot of the local places to see and eat. It was clean and has a great, SAFE location. Thye have AAA discounts, just make sure you tell them when you book the room. The pool was so nice as were the balconies and the garden. All four of us were very happy there. ","SentimentRate" : 0.261, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "obxdarling" , "Date" : new Date("2008-10-27" ), "Overall" : 1, "Value" : 1, "Room" : 2, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 2, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 1, "Service" : 1, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Bed Bugs! I am a travel agent and had an opportunity to visit New Orleans this past summer. My husband and I arrived around noon to find our room was not ready and would be available in about an hour. No problem; we left our bags at the hotel and walked the city. Nice thing about this hotel is its location, can't get any better! We had dinner and came back to the hotel after 5pm to find our room still wasn't ready. We waited in the lobby area for another 30 mins until it was finally ready. During our 3 day stay, the hotel staff was unfriendly. While waiting for assistance at the front desk, I was ignored for 10 mins until the bell hop came over to me to help with my questions. One of the mornings I walked by our housekeeper in the hallway and said hello, in return she just grunted. My husband and I took this all in stride (we were enjoying the city most of all!), until the last morning. I woke up to find bed bugs in our bed, and one had bitten me. After packing our things, we went to the front desk where the woman behind the counter after 5 mins finally looked up to offer assistance, I whispered to her of what had happened (I didn't want to alarm the guests around us who were checking out). She looked at me in disbelief and without any empathy called the housekeeping manager to talk to us. When this woman arrived, I told her what happened. She stated that it could not be because the mattresses were brand new (which is not true, ours was shredded around the corners and definitely not new). Without any apology or understanding, she handed us her business card and said, Call me the next time you're in town. And that was that. Not one person even said sorry. I am a travel agent and have never experienced service as horrible as this. We had a wonderful time in New Orleans, definitely go! Just don't stay at this hotel. ","SentimentRate" : 0.141, "Sentiment" : "Mixed"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "Traveling-Best-Buds" , "Date" : new Date("2008-10-26" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 5, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 5, "BService" : 5,"Reviews" : "Loved it - loved it - loved it!!!! My best friend and I needed a vacation soooooo bad because of many difficulties in our lives. I chose New Orleans because I had been there pre-Katrina and always wanted to go back. I had 4 different reservations at different hotels but finally chose Bienville House because of the location. From the minute we walked into the hotel, we were treated so fabulously. I had heard they absolutely will not let you in your room early which was fine as most hotels don't let you check in early. Cynthia said our room was ready and let us check in - at 11:00 am!!!! We quickly unpacked and were off and running!! We feel we had another whole day enjoying NO. Cynthia and Sondra could not have been nicer. Every time you saw them - they were always smiling, were friendly, helpful and courteous. Whenever we got back from somewhere, we couldn't wait to tell them what we did!!!! Especially when I won $900 at Harrahs!!!!!! The room was fabulous, big, clean and quiet. Hallways and lobby were beautiful. We would ask housekeeping for something extra we needed, and they were there within minutes. We loved sitting on the balcony and left our doors open whenever we were there - did not see as much as a fly!! We brought several of their hotel brochures home so we could recommend this beautiful hotel to anyone interested in going to NO. Thank you Bienville House for making our much needed vacation fabulous - warm - and friendly!!! We will be back - and will send as many people as we can to stay in your AWESOME CITY!! We cried when we got home because we had the most exciting memorable vacation we've had in a long time! We thank Bienville House for being part of that!!! ","SentimentRate" : 0.614, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "bluesandzydeco" , "Date" : new Date("2008-10-22" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 5, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 5, "BService" : 5,"Reviews" : "Perfect! I read the reviews on Tripadvisor and reserved this Hotel since the two top choices had no vacancies. We will never stay anywhere else. The staff were so warm and friendly. The room was lovely and the heated pool area was gorgeous. The Bienville House is perfectly located to all the fun in the French Quarter. I left a small piece of luggage and they mailed it to me! LOVED OUR STAY. ","SentimentRate" : 0.339, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "sloantr" , "Date" : new Date("2008-10-04" ), "Overall" : 2, "Value" : 3, "Room" : 2, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Comfortable, great location, one small problem A friend and I went to New Orleans for a weekend getaway, and the hotel was great for what we needed. We had a room with two beds and the size of the room was big and the beds comfortable. That's exactly what you need after a long day walking through New Orleans! There was one problem though. One night while we were there, we had come back from a long day and were laying in our beds when my friend sat up and screamed. There was a small mouse running around in our room. Of course, both us being girls,we freaked out and called downstairs. They immediately came up and told us they had another room available for us and when we got there, they even looked everywhere for another mouse, at our insistence of course. But they were very polite and had no problem checking for other mice. And they upgraded us to a better room and didn't charge us extra, which I admit is the least they could do. Overall, the hotel was great, location was awesome, it was clean and we had a fantastic time. The mouse thing was a problem, but both my friend and I tried not to hold that against the hotel because it was New Orleans and there were mice all over the city! I would recommend this hotel to others. It was recommened to me by my parents, who said they went and it was fun. ","SentimentRate" : 0.381, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "NativeTexasGirl" , "Date" : new Date("2008-09-21" ), "Overall" : 2, "Value" : 2, "Room" : 2, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 3, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 1, "Service" : -1, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "Not happy with Bienville House The hotel was charming, and our room was a nice size and wonderfully decorated. It is a historic hotel, and I sit on a historical society, so this part of the hotel I was happy with. Also, the continental breakfast was nice However, I was very unhappy with the staff, in particular a front desk clerk named Beverly. I booked directly with the hotel, and specifically requested a courtyard room. I was told it would be no problem. When we arrived, Beverly wasn't even polite when I told her what I had been promised at booking. She rudely said it wasn't going to happen. We were staying 4 nights, and when I pressed, she said they could move us in 2 days to the courtyard. The room was a good size, but on the back side of the hotel. The room was supposed to have spa robes, but there were none provided. It was also having trouble cooling us off enough. Beverly offered that a fan could be delivered, and I accepted, but I never saw a fan throughout the trip. There was a train that came through more than once in the middle of the night, blowing a loud whistle to wake the dead. Two of the nights we stayed, we could hear something chewing on the inside wall behind the bed- it sounded like a rat. Two days later, when I called Beverly about moving us, she acted as if it wasn't important that I wanted to move, and assured me that I would be bothered by the train whistle wherever I stayed at the hotel. Nevertheless, she said she would call me back about moving to a courtyard room. When we left to sightsee for the day, I left her my cell number. She never called! Only because of her and the noise, I would recommend that no one ever stay here. ","SentimentRate" : -0.138, "Sentiment" : "Negative"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "NOLALady-1" , "Date" : new Date("2008-09-20" ), "Overall" : 5, "Value" : 5, "Room" : 5, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 5, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "Elegant Room! Convenient location! Good A/C, even in our summer! Booked a Summer Special for locals at the Bienville House. The room we were assigned, was elegantly decorated, exceptionally clean and comfortable, had several elecrical outlets, and had fantastic Air Conditioning! The bathroom had a nice-sized vanity, a full length mirror, great water pressure in the shower, and the white robes were a nice touch! Have stayed at the Monteleone in the past. In comparison, the Bienville House room and bath were much larger and more elegant. The Bienville House was conveniently located to the Aquarium, Canal Place, the Riverwalk, Harrah's, Jackson Square, Jax Brewery, Royal Street, and Bourbon Street, and of course, many restaurants. Check-in and check-out were very smooth, but when I called to request a room upgrade, Reservations was abrupt and rather rude. Outside our room, which faced Decatur St., there was a bar, which was a bit noisy late at night, but it really didn't disturb us. The pool area is charming, but small and not very private, as it is viewable from an iron gate from the public sidewalk.Parking is $20 or $25/nt, so we parked at a meter on the street, and meters are free on the weekends! Generally your car is safe on the street in most of New Orleans! I hate to pay for parking.Would definitely recommend the Bienville House! ","SentimentRate" : 0.603, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "july71RoyseCity" , "Date" : new Date("2008-09-01" ), "Overall" : 4, "Value" : 4, "Room" : 4, "Location" : 5, "Cleanliness" : 5, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 5, "Service" : 4, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "Awesome This place was absolutely beautiful, french decor and meticulosly clean. Beautiful pool area. The staff was very friendly and there was a lot of information in the lobby of activities around the french quarter area. The place is 3 blocks from Bourbon street.They have refrigerator, buy your own drinks, a small bottle water costs 2 bucks. They have ice machines and snack machines on each floor. And for those that haven't been to nola, you pay for parking everywhere you go, even if your a guest.At the bienville, if they ran out of parking space they will send you to the monteleon hotel; one block away. Cost of parking is 20 a day. If you park across the street without valet parking it is also 20 bucks.Overall, I can see myself coming back . ","SentimentRate" : 0.662, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "bamagirl78" , "Date" : new Date("2008-08-19" ), "Overall" : 2, "Value" : 3, "Room" : 3, "Location" : 3, "Cleanliness" : 3, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 4, "Service" : 3, "BService" : -1,"Reviews" : "Not sure if I would stay here again! We stayed here for my husband's birthday in June and I was not impressed. The first night we were there, our AC was broken. We called maintenance to fix the problem. Supposedly they fixed it but our room never cooled off. Since there wasn't a ceiling fan, it was very hot and stuffy. Definitely not a pleasant feeling after walking around in the heat all day. It was also very noisy. We even had someone try to come into our room a couple of times in the middle of the night and could hear alot of noise from the hallway. This hotel needs some serious remodeling. ","SentimentRate" : -0.076, "Sentiment" : "Negative"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "kenpeterson" , "Date" : new Date("2008-08-16" ), "Overall" : 1, "Value" : 1, "Room" : 5, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 1, "Service" : 1, "BService" : 4,"Reviews" : "Don't Stay Here My travel newsletter had an ad for this place at a good rate, so I booked it for my last night in New Orleans. No parking at the hotel so I had to pay $20 per nigh extra for valet...more on this later. The desk clerk told me my credit card was declined. No problem, I have others, but after getting to my room and immediately calling the bank and spending 10 minutes in phone menus and on hold, my bank told me the card was declined because the clerk was entering the wrong expiration date into the machine! Anyway, the hotel was old, but nice. Nice decor, a bit aged, but no more than expected. Bathroom amenities were excellent ( I stole the shampoo), and the beds were comfy. My room overlooked the courtyard and was so quiet I slept with the french doors open to the patio. The next day, I came from breakfast (don't eat breakfast at Mother's) at 10AM, told the desk I would be down in 10 min to check out and to please bring my car. I got my luggage and came back down to check out. After a long wait while the clerk was on a personal phone call, she printed the bill. They tried to charge me $25 instead of $20 for parking because I had a truck. I was driving a rented PT Cruiser - most defnitely NOT a truck. So then I had to wait while she figured out how to fix it; I think she was stalling so I would tell her not to bother. She finally got it fixed and then I waited for my car. And waited. And waited. And waited. After 40 min I complained and the desk clerk and the bell man interrupted their flirting to tell me there was nothing they could do. Another ten min and I demanded to know where the garage was so I could go get it myself. As I was leaving the hotel, my car pulled up - 65 minutes after I asked for it!!!! Then the valet wanted a tip!!! Unbelievable. I had to drive like a maniac to make my flight. Don't stay if you want good service and certainly NEVER give them the keys to your car. Stay at the Country Inn  Suites about 5 blocks further down Decatur after it turns into Magazine St. similar prices but a much better experience. ","SentimentRate" : -0.074, "Sentiment" : "Negative"}])


db.hotels.insert([{ "Hotel_id" : 89049,"Author" : "Crow377" , "Date" : new Date("2008-08-12" ), "Overall" : 3, "Value" : 3, "Room" : 4, "Location" : 4, "Cleanliness" : 4, "Checkin/frontdesk" : 2, "Service" : 2, "BService" : 3,"Reviews" : "great day staff, terrible night staff We booked this hotel through Expedia. We got to the hotel at around 11pm and were told that there was a maintenance issue and that they had already transfered our reservation to the Holiday Inn downtown (which I would have to say was the absolute worst hotel that I have ever stayed ). The maintenance issue was a total lie and the desk lady basically laughed while telling us this lie. The following morning we contacted the Bienville Hotel and a new lady ,(Beverly) was extremely helpful, readied our room, no problem. That evening while we stayed, the night help returned, she was rude ,unhelpful, basically a complete rupture in the payroll. I liked the room, the carpet needs replacing, but thats not too bad of a problem. I would highly recommend this hotel based on the the cleanliness, Beverly, the maid staff, basically the service we received during the daylight hours, but the night help is so bad that I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. ","SentimentRate" : 0.614, "Sentiment" : "Positive"}])


